Online trading platform for global markets | Exness
Upgrade the way
you trade
Trade with the world’s largest retail broker and benefit from
better-than-market
conditions.
Trusted since 2008
Multiple regulatory licenses
24/7 customer support
PCI DSS certified
Thrive in the oil, gold, indices, and crypto markets
Trading conditions can make or break a strategy, that's why you need the best.
Instant withdrawals
Funds sent within seconds with seamless transactions.¹
The best spreads on USOIL
2
The tightest and most stable spreads in the market on USOIL.
24/7 live support
Get answers in minutes via phone, live chat or email, in 14 languages.
Swap-free trading
Hold overnight positions for free on most popular assets. T&Cs apply.
More speed, less slippage
Trade with the most precise execution
3
in the market.
Best-in-class security
Trade knowing your funds are kept safe in separate client accounts, with ironclad data protection.
Trade assets from global markets
Capitalize on every opportunity with the world’s most popular assets.
Instruments
Leverage
Avg. spread³
,
pips
Swap-free
XAUUSD
Gold vs US Dollar
Metals
USOIL
Crude Oil
Energies
EURUSD
Euro vs US Dollar
Currencies
US30
US Wall Street 30 Index
Indices
AMZN
Amazon.com, Inc.
Stocks
Seize every opportunity
Trade online anytime, anywhere. On web, mobile and desktop.
Exness Trade app
Exness Trade app
Your security is our priority
From secure payments to negative balance protection, you are covered from every angle.
Client protection
Client protection
Exness Born to Trade podcast returns
Season 2 is now live. Dive into the first episode featuring Nathan Halaba and Alex Muoki.
Watch the episode
Keep up with Exness
Stay on top of our news, product and technology updates, events, partnerships, and more.
Read more articles
Trade with a trusted broker today
Take control of your trades with advanced tools and transparent pricing.
At Exness, over 98% of withdrawals are processed automatically. "Fastest withdrawals" refers to a comparison of Exness’ withdrawal processing time vs. three other brokers, last updated on 7 May 2025. Processing times may vary depending on the chosen payment method.
Best USOIL spreads claim based on data collected from 22 February 2026 to 28 February 2026, compared to the commission-free accounts of other brokers.
Most precise execution claims refer to average slippage rates on pending orders based on data collected between September 2024 and July 2025 for XAUUSD, USOIL, and BTC CFDs on Exness Standard accounts vs. similar accounts offered by four other brokers. Delays and slippage may occur. No guarantee of execution speed or precision is provided.