Trade 1000+ CFDs with Trusted CFD Broker | Vantage Markets
Important Information
You are visiting the international Vantage Markets website, distinct from the website operated by Vantage Global Prime LLP
(
www.vantagemarkets.co.uk
) which is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA").
This website is managed by Vantage Markets' international entities, and it's important to emphasise that they are not subject to regulation by the FCA in the UK. Therefore, you must understand that you will not have the FCA’s protection when investing through this website – for example:
You will not be guaranteed Negative Balance Protection
You will not be protected by FCA’s leverage restrictions
You will not have the right to settle disputes via the Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS)
You will not be protected by Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS)
Any monies deposited will not be afforded the protection required under the FCA Client Assets Sourcebook. The level of protection for your funds will be determined by the regulations of the relevant local regulator.
If you would like to proceed and visit this website, you acknowledge and confirm the following:
1.
The website is owned by Vantage Markets' international entities and not by Vantage Global Prime LLP, which is regulated by the FCA.
2.
Vantage Global Limited, or any of the Vantage Markets international entities, are neither based in the UK nor licensed by the FCA.
3.
You are accessing the website at your own initiative and have not been solicited by Vantage Global Limited in any way.
4.
Investing through this website does not grant you the protections provided by the FCA.
5.
Should you choose to invest through this website or with any of the international Vantage Markets entities, you will be subject to the rules and regulations of the relevant international regulatory authorities, not the FCA.
Vantage wants to make it clear that we are duly licensed and authorised to offer the services and financial derivative products listed on our website.  Individuals accessing this website and registering a trading account do so entirely of their own volition and without prior solicitation.
By confirming your decision to proceed with entering the website, you hereby affirm that this decision was solely initiated by you, and no solicitation has been made by any Vantage entity.
I confirm my intention to proceed and enter this website
Please direct me to the website operated by Vantage Global Prime LLP, regulated by the FCA in the United Kingdom
By providing your email and proceeding to create an account on this website, you acknowledge that you will be opening an account with Vantage Global Limited, regulated by the Vanuatu Financial Services Commission (VFSC), and not the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).
Please enter a valid email address
Please tick all to proceed
I acknowledge that I am signing up for an account with Vantage Global Limited, regulated by the VFSC, and not with the FCA, at my own discretion.
Please tick the checkbox to proceed
I understand that I have the option to sign up for an account through vantagemarkets.co.uk, which is regulated by the FCA.
Please tick the checkbox to proceed
Proceed
Please direct me to website operated by Vantage Global Prime LLP, regulated by the FCA in the United Kingdom.
Important Information
Thank you for visiting the Vantage Markets website. Please note that this website is intended for individuals residing in jurisdictions where accessing it is permitted by Vantage and its affiliated entities do not operate in your home jurisdiction.
By clicking 'I CONFIRM MY INTENTION TO PROCEED AND ENTER THIS WEBSITE', you confirm that you are entering this website solely based on your initiative and not as a result of any specific marketing outreach. You wish to obtain information from this website based on reverse solicitation principles, in accordance with the applicable laws of your home jurisdiction.
I CONFIRM MY INTENTION TO PROCEED AND ENTER THIS WEBSITE
×
Are You Missing Out In the Bull Market?
Trade Now  >
Time to Make Your Move?
en
exclude: ---  icense:
Ultimate Trading Machine*
An award-winning CFD platform trusted by 5,000,000+ traders.
Please enter a valid email
Download App
Trade BTCUSD CFD and Earn Cashback
Trade BTCUSD CFDs and receive USD5 cashback per lot.T&Cs apply.
The Ultimate GOLD Trading League
Higher trading volume unlocks bigger rewards
News
Latest on Trump's Tariffs
Get the latest updates on Trump’s tariff announcements and their impact on markets.
Platform
Trade Smarter on Vantage Web Trading
Access your trades, charts, and positions in one secure platform—directly from your browser.
13% p.a. Funds Growth
Deposit and trade CFDs to unlock interest of 13% p.a. and grow your idle funds like never before!
Trading Cashback Promotion
Earn up to $1,500 cashback. T&Cs apply.
🎉🎉
Trade and Win Red Packets Worth up to $888.
See Our
Competitive Spreads
Broker
Market Average
XAUUSD
Gold
0.75
0.89
GBP/CHF
0.90
1.30
GBP/NZD
2.65
3.31
HK50
Indices
0.41
1.99
UKOUSD
Energy
2.30
3.34
Spreads are in pips.
Last updated on 11 July 2025.
All spreads (in pips) are for indicative purposes only as net costs may differ at any time of the day.
An Award-Winning Broker
Registered Users
TRUSTED CFD BROKER
With over 15 years of experience, Vantage has built a reputation as a trusted, award-winning CFD broker. Trade 1,000+ CFD products backed by seamless execution and 24/7 support. Our commitment to transparency, rigorous security measures, and industry-leading practices provides a secure and reliable trading platform.
With over 15 years of experience, Vantage has built a reputation as a trusted, award-winning CFD broker. Trade 1,000+ CFD products backed by seamless execution and 24/7 support. Our commitment to transparency, rigorous security measures, and industry-leading practices provides a secure and reliable trading platform.
SECURE FUNDS
Client funds at Vantage are held in segregated trust accounts with top-tier banks, separate from our operational capital. For added protection, clients will benefit from an additional insurance arrangement at no extra cost.
Client funds at Vantage are held in segregated trust accounts with top-tier banks, separate from our operational capital. For added protection, clients will benefit from an additional insurance arrangement at no extra cost.
COMPETITIVE SPREADS
Trade smarter with Vantage’s ultra-tight spreads, designed to help you manage trading costs effectively. Enjoy competitive pricing across all products to optimise your trading costs.
Trade smarter with Vantage’s ultra-tight spreads, designed to help you manage trading costs effectively. Enjoy competitive pricing across all products to optimise your trading costs.
*Other fees may apply
Trust
We Have Earned
Trade
Anytime, Anywhere
One of the world’s leading CFD brokers with over 15 years of market experience, Vantage provides traders with access to 1,000+ CFD products, including forex, indices, commodities, shares, ETFs, and even bonds.
Trade CFDs with ease on desktop or mobile using our variety of advanced trading tools and features from your home country, whether you are from Thailand, Philippines or beyond.
Driving
Excellence
with a Leading CFD Broker
SOFT COMMODITIES
Trade the world’s most popular forex and currency pairs with a trusted forex broker.
Access 40+ major, minor and exotic forex pairs with low spreads from 0.0. Start trading the world's leading CFD products such as Forex in EUR/USD, GBP/USD, and USD/JPY.
To trade CFD products such as Forex, you will need to open a live trading account to access the global forex markets whether you are from Thailand, Philippines or beyond.
LEARN FOREX
Open positions and diversify your portfolio with global indices.
Leverage on the volatility of the largest stock market indices in the world like SP500, DAX, NAS100, and DJ30. Try CFD product trading in indices with Vantage today.
To trade CFD product such as indices, you will need to open a live trading account to access the global indices markets whether you are from Thailand, Philippines or beyond.
LEARN INDICES
Buy or sell the world's most highly traded precious metals — gold and silver.
Trade gold and silver via CFDs, the world's most popular precious metals, which have historically been used as a hedge against inflation and a store of value during uncertain economic times.
To trade gold and silver, you will need to open a live trading account to access the global markets whether you are from Thailand, Philippines or beyond.
LEARN GOLD & SILVER
Trade energy instruments including crude oil, natural gas, and Brent oil.
Vantage offers a broad range of energy commodities, providing traders with access to the highly liquid global energy markets. Our CFDs energy trading options include popular commodities, such as crude oil, natural gas, and Brent oil.
To trade energy, you will need to open a live trading account to access the global forex markets whether you are from Thailand, Philippines or beyond.
LEARN ENERGY
Diversify your portfolio and gain exposure to more markets with ETFs.
ETFs track the performance of a pool of underlying assets – including commodities, stocks, currencies, indices and more. Start trading popular ETFs like the SPDR S&P 500 ETF and Invesco QQQ Trust.
To trade ETFs, you will need to open a live trading account to access the global forex markets whether you are from Thailand, Philippines or beyond.
LEARN ETFS
SOFT COMMODITIES
Trade soft commodities or agricultural goods, such as sugar, coffee, cotton and more.
Soft commodities refer to commodities that are grown rather than mined. When trading soft commodities CFDs, traders will have to consider factors including weather conditions, global demand, and geopolitical events that impact their production.
To trade soft commodities, you will need to open a live trading account to access the global forex markets whether you are from Thailand, Philippines or beyond.
LEARN SOFT COMMODITIES
Choose from the hundreds of individual stocks available in US and more.
You can invest in the likes of Tesla, Netflix, Meta, and other listed companies through shares CFD. Get access to international share markets including US, Europe, Australia and Asia.
To trade shares, you will need to open a live trading account to access the global forex markets whether you are from Thailand, Philippines or beyond.
LEARN SHARES
Support & Resources
Get the answers, assistance, and education you need to support your trading journey.
24/7 Customer Support
We provide support and account assistance at every stage of your journey. Our dedicated customer support team is available 24/7 to assist with any trading-related inquiries.
We provide support and account assistance at every stage of your journey. Our dedicated customer support team is available 24/7 to assist with any trading-related inquiries.
Help Center
Find answers to your questions quickly with our comprehensive Help Center. From account setup to trading strategies, our resources provide clear and detailed guidance to support your trading journey.
Find answers to your questions quickly with our comprehensive Help Center. From account setup to trading strategies, our resources provide clear and detailed guidance to support your trading journey.
Learn
Access free educational resources to expand your trading knowledge. Whether you’re a beginner or an experienced trader, we have articles, webinars, videos, and courses to support your learning.
Access free educational resources to expand your trading knowledge. Whether you’re a beginner or an experienced trader, we have articles, webinars, videos, and courses to support your learning.
Start Your Trading Now
Registered Users
*Other fees may apply
START NOW
Unveiling Our
New
Sponsorship
DISCOVER MORE