Leading Global Trading Broker | Trade Forex, Stocks & More with FXTM
Volatility means opportunity
Take advantage of market moves with FXTM.
Start trading
*
Trading is risky. Your capital is at risk
Why
FXTM?
FXTM gives you more, no matter where you are on your trading journey
I'm new to trading
Supporting your trading journey
Learn to trade with free resources
Risk-free practice accounts
Daily trade ideas straight to your inbox
Seamless mobile trading with FXTM App
Learn to trade
I'm an experienced trader
Powering your profit potential
Trade thousands of global instruments
Commission-free and spreads from 0.0
Lightning-fast execution
Easy deposits and quick withdrawals
Discover FXTM
Trade global
financial markets
Tap into the profit potential of more than 1,000 instruments when you trade Forex, Commodities, Metals, Stocks, Indices, Cryptocurrencies, Futures, ETFs and Crosses with FXTM.
Forex
Commodities
Indices
Metals
Stocks
Cryptocurrency
Futures
ETFs
Crosses
Explore our markets
Trade with
FXTM
Choose from our Advantage, Advantage Plus, and Advantage Stocks trading accounts, suited to your trading style and goals.
Access helpful trading tools like daily Trade Signals and interactive charts.
Earn points for trading and redeem cash with FXTM Rewards.
Trade with us
Our trading
platforms
Take your trading on-the-go with the FXTM App and discover seamless mobile trading anytime, anywhere.
Or trade on desktop with easy position monitoring, account management, and trading enabled by MetaTrader.
App
The FXTM App offers seamless trading in the palm of your hand with real-time signals and one-tap trading.  Available on Android and iOS.
MT4
The industry favourite trading platform, MetaTrader 4 is ideal for beginners, Forex, and CFD traders worldwide.
MT5
MetaTrader 5 offers all market access and comes loaded with more advanced trading analysis and charting options.
See all platforms
Market news, expert insights and
trading analysis
Our team of experienced market analysts deliver key insights and analysis daily, covering the latest market news, economic events, and potential market movements.
All insights
Earn as you trade with FXTM Rewards
Earn Tier and Reward points on all qualifying trades. The more you trade, the more you earn! Unlock exclusive perks and more rewards as you climb the Tiers through to VIP-Master for the ultimate package of benefits. Redeem your points for funds sent directly to your trading account, or withdraw as cash, at any time.
Get rewarded