Leading broker for online trading — Elev8
From now on
we Elev8
We're more than just a broker. We're an all-in-one trading ecosystem—everything you need to analyse, trade, and grow is in one place. Ready to elevate your trading?
Discover Elev8 story
Your trading—
elevated
Analyse markets in real time, trade with 130+ daily insights, and learn within one ecosystem.
FSC licence (Mauritius)
Investment Dealer Licence no. GB21027161
MISA licence (Comoros)
International brokerage and clearing house licence no. T2023320
Trading involves risk. Trade responsibly. Read our
Risk Disclosure
for more information.
100+
countries
18М
traders worldwide
4.6
4.5
Progress confidently with
top-tier trading conditions
0% commissions
24/7 Customer Support
300+ trading instruments
Average withdrawal—35 minutes
Minimum deposit from $25
Analyse, trade, and learn
Our platform is at the core of the ecosystem, with all its tools helping you cut research time and focus on trades.
Validate your guesses in seconds with AI pattern search.
Plan your next move with AI-powered feedback on your past trades.
Apply break-even and trailing stop to protect your gains.
Your charts, orders, and settings sync in real time across devices.
Analyse, trade, and learn
Our feed is your decision-making engine to turn insights into trades—without switching tabs.
Trade whenever you're ready, with 130+ trading ideas posted daily.
Copy any trading idea to your chart, with all parameters set and ready to be executed with one tap.
Stay ahead of the market with expert analysis for various instruments.
Share ideas, ask questions, and discuss strategies with experienced traders.
Learn to spot patterns, understand strategies, and build your skills step by step.
Trade on the go
with the Elev8 trading app
Same low spreads, same fast withdrawals, same security—now on mobile. Download the app and access your trading ecosystem from anywhere.
Scan to
download
Trade now
Reduce risks with advanced trading tools
Use the
profit calculator
to assess potential profits or losses before placing any trade.
Check
trading hours
to open and close trades at the most profitable time of the day.
Follow the
economic calendar
to plan trades around events that move the markets.