About Sukyo Mahikari｜Sukyo Mahikari
About Sukyo Mahikari
Spiritual Head
Name
Sukyo Mahikari
Headquarters address
2-596-1 Kamiokamoto-machi, Takayama City, Gifu Prefecture, Japan
Contact number
(81) 577-34-7008
The first oshienushi
Kōtama Okada
The second oshienushi
Keishu Okada
The third oshienushi
Kōō Okada
Membership
Approximately one million members across seventy-five countries
Sukyo Mahikari centers
Approximately 1,000 (Japan) and approximately 300 (Overseas)
Oshienushi (Spiritual Head)
Mr. Kōtama Okada, the founder and first oshienushi
Kōtama Okada was born on  February 27, 1901, in Aoyama, Tokyo. His father was a military officer and his grandfather  was a tutor to the governor of the Kishū region in Japan. In accordance with  his father’s wishes, he entered the military academy, and upon graduation he  was assigned to the Imperial Guard Division. He spent part of his adult life  serving as an officer in attendance on members of the Imperial Family. At the  age of forty, he suffered from caries of the vertebrae and he was given the  prognosis of only three years to live. However, he made a miraculous recovery,  and with this as a turning point, he began to follow the path of God. Transferred  to the army reserves, he dedicated himself to contributing to his country by establishing  several manufacturing enterprises, including an aircraft factory. However, he  lost all his assets during air raids and fell into poverty. He was in such a  state of despair that he contemplated ending his life. Hearing the voice of  God, he was saved from the brink of death and started working as a salesman to  pay off his enormous debts. In accordance with divine guidance, he gave up his material  attachments and applied himself to bringing salvation to people. By 1959, he  was miraculously able to repay all his debts. He felt the strong desire to  repay the blessings he had received from God. It was around this time that he  received a revelation: “Rise. Your name shall be Kōtama. Raise your hand.  Severe times are approaching.” Thus, at the age of 58, he established the  Mahikari organization. With the fundamental tenet “The origin of the earth is  one, the origin of the universe is one, the origin of humankind is one, and the  origin of all religions is one,” he proceeded with the great divine work of  bringing salvation to humanity through the God-given practice of the art of  True Light and the teachings based on the divine principles. Since then, God’s  Light and teachings have spread throughout the world. In 1972, he received the decoration  of Knight Commander of the Sovereign Greek Order of Saint Dennis of Zante. In  1973, he had a meeting with Pope Paul VI. Through his efforts, the foundation  for Sukyo Mahikari today was established.
Ms. Keishu Okada, the second oshienushi
Keishu Okada  is the daughter of the founder, Kōtama Okada. She became his first disciple and  served as his main assistant once the organization was established. In June  1974, she succeeded to the spiritual leadership of the organization. To fulfill  a covenant between Su God and the first oshienushi, she commenced preparations  for the construction of Suza, the World Shrine, which was inaugurated in  November 1984. In 1986, the first Yoko Civilization International Conference  was held with scholars and professionals from the fields of religion, science,  medicine, education, and more. Furthermore, she arduously promoted the work of  bringing God’s Light and salvation to people around the world, undertaking  tours of Light in South America, Europe, and Australia-Oceania. Moreover, she  oversaw the construction of Hikaru Shinden (a shrine dedicated to the founder),  the Hikaru Museum, and the Sukyo Mahikari Youth Center. The construction of  these four holy sites established a spiritual foundation for realizing a better  world.
Mr. Kōō Okada, the third oshienushi
Kōō Okada was born in  1947 and became a practitioner of the Light at sixteen years of age. From the  time he was a university student, he became closely involved in youth  education, pioneering the formation of the Mahikari Youth Group, in which he  would later play a leading role. In 1970, he was admitted to the inaugural  class of the Staff Training Institute, becoming a disciple of the founder and  first oshienushi, Kōtama Okada. Kōō Okada subsequently trained under the direct  guidance of the second oshienushi, Keishu Okada, and in 2009, he was appointed  as the third oshienushi. Succeeding to the will of the founder and the second  oshienushi, Kōō Okada is presently working on promoting interreligious  (interfaith) cooperation that transcends the barriers of religion and religious  denomination. He has also been undertaking activities throughout the world to  contribute to the realization of world peace. In 2017, he was awarded the  National Order of the Southern Cross by the Federative Republic of Brazil. From  2018, he served as the chairperson of the Federation of New Religious  Organizations of Japan over four years. In 2019, he served as the chairperson  of the Japanese Association of Religious Organizations for the year, and, as a  representative of the religious communities of Japan, he met with Pope Francis  on his papal visit to Japan. The organization is engaged in initiatives to promote  the purification and restoration of the natural environment. These initiatives  include ongoing tree-planting activities across Africa and the generation of  energy from renewable energy resources, such as hydroelectric, solar, and  wood-based biomass, in Takayama, Japan. In 2020, the Second Shrine, Aiwakan,  was constructed. Thus, a steadfast spiritual foundation to eternally worship  the Creator, Su God, has been established in the land of Hidama.
February 1959
Kōtama Okada receives a revelation regarding the establishment of the organization.
August 1959
L.H. Yokoshi no Tomo organization established.
August 1960
Anniversary  ceremony commemorating one year since the organization was founded.
August 1964
The Fifth Anniversary Grand Ceremony.
September 1964
Youth group activities commence.
April 1966
Mahikari Youth Groups are formed.
August 1969
The Tenth Anniversary Grand Ceremony.
From 1970
The Light starts to spread abroad, starting with Paris and countries throughout Europe and Africa.
March 1971
The declaration of the official establishment of a united national Mahikari Youth Group.
September 1971
The first primary course in Paris.
December  1972
Inauguration  of Hidama Motomitamaza in Atami.
September 1973
Kōtama Okada travels to Europe.
From this time onwards the Light rapidly spreads to North America, South America, Australia, and Asia.
Keishu Okada succeeds Kōtama Okada as the second oshienushi.
The founder passes away.
July 1979
Construction of the World Shrine commences.
October  1979
The  Twentieth Anniversary Grand Ceremony.
August  1980
Procession  of Light ceremony commemorating the tenth anniversary since the national  unification of the youth group.
October 1984
Construction of the Inner Shrine, Okumiya, completed.
November 1984
The Special Grand Ceremony to inaugurate the World Shrine.
The (nine) ceremonies were attended by a total of approximately one hundred thousand representatives from around the world.
May 1986
Keishu Okada travels to Latin America.
October 1986
The first Yoko Civilization International Conference.
October 1989
The second Yoko Civilization International Conference.
November 1989
The Thirtieth Anniversary Grand Ceremony.
November 1990
The twentieth anniversary of the official formation of the Mahikari Youth Group is commemorated by a grand procession of Light.
Ten thousand Mahikari Youth Group members participate in the marching procession.
June 1992
Hikaru Shinden inauguration.
May 1993
Keishu Okada travels to Europe and Africa.
April 1999
The opening of the Hikaru Museum.
August 1999
The third Yoko Civilization International Conference.
November 1999
The Fortieth Anniversary Grand Ceremony.
September 2000
Keishu Okada travels to the Australia-Oceania Region.
November 2000
The thirtieth anniversary of the official formation of the Mahikari Youth Group is commemorated by a grand procession of Light.
February 2001
The centennial celebration commemorating the birth of the founder.
August 2002
The opening of the Sukyo Mahikari Youth Center.
October 2002
Kōya Okada (later known as Kōō Okada) appointed as the acting oshienushi.
February 2004
Keishu Okada and Kōya Okada travel to the Asia.
August 2004
Kōya Okada travels to Europe and Africa (followed  by tours of Light to places throughout Japan and the world).
August 2005
The Convention for the Practitioners of Divine Principles held at the World Shrine.
September 2005
The fourth Yoko Civilization International Conference.
October 2006
The Annual General Assembly of the Federation of New Religious Organizations of Japan is held at the
World Shrine.
August 2008
The Second Convention for the Practitioners of Divine Principles is held at the World Shrine.
June 2009
The ceremony reporting the succession of the spiritual lineage of Light is carried out at Hidama Motomitamaza, Atami, Japan.
August 2009
Established two companies—L. H. Yoko Noen (Yōkō Farm) and the Tanebito (Seed People's) Club to distribute yōkō rice across Japan.
The appointment of the third oshienushi. Official announcement of Kōya Okada's new name, Kōō.
The  Fiftieth Anniversary Grand Ceremony (announcement of reaching the milestone of  one million L. H. Yokoshi no Tomo members).
November 2010
The fortieth anniversary of the official formation of the Mahikari Youth Group is commemorated by a grand procession of Light.
August 2013
The city and the state of São Paulo, Brazil, designate February 27 as Sukyo Mahikari Day.
August  2014
In  recognition of tree-planting activities throughout Africa, Sukyo Mahikari is  presented with an award for excellence in tree-planting activities by the  government of Côte d'Ivoire.
October 2014
Promoting  the conservation of the environment—construction of small-scale hydroelectric  power station number two is completed.
September 2016
The second oshienushi, Keishu Okada, passes away.
January  2017
Sukyo  Mahikari Day has been designated in over thirty cities and states throughout  Brazil.
May  2017
Inauguration  of the newly constructed Hidama Motomitamaza in Atami.
June  2019
Inauguration  of small-scale hydroelectric power station number one.
October 2019
February 27 is designated as Sukyo Mahikari Day for the Federative Republic of Brazil.
November  2019
The Sixtieth  Anniversary Grand Ceremony.
November 2020
The Special Grand Ceremony for the Completion of the Second Shrine.
September 2021
Seishuden inauguration.
October 2021
The fiftieth anniversary of the official formation  of the Mahikari Youth Group is commemorated by a grand procession of Light.
PAGE TOP